Jen, your brother told me all about you.
I've investigated.
When I was a child, I admired Zhu Nhien.
Zhu Bingan does not value him
The Zhou family was later convicted.
Vice Hoan An could not bear the white moon
The lion hid.
It's not just that.
The house that Zhuren currently lives in was also purchased by Vice-Hoan for him.
With his current experience.
But you can't do such a big thing.
How much can experience cost?
Then I have to pretend that.
Deputy Security, he's very sorry.
The shopkeeper is here.
What are you singing?
I know it's a restaurant.
I don't know. I thought it was a theater.
What does the lady say?
I don't like to listen.
I'll change your personal skills for you.
The little girl didn't seem guilty of the girl.
Why is she making trouble for me as soon as she gets up here?
That's your little girl.
This little girl sings beautifully.
How can you make it difficult for him?
Hey, you didn't know this fox was the sexiest.
This is especially true for married men.
Born low.
How do you know he's attracted to a married man?
Because he seduced my husband.
It's based on something beautiful.
Telling the general not to come home every day
You two even conspired to kill my daughter.
What's going on?
I'm not. I'm not.
You have nothing.
You don't seduce others.
Still didn't kill someone else's daughter.
Bought the house with my dowry.
Is it comfortable to stay?
This type of woman is the most disgusting.
It's unfortunate to think of speaking for him.
Look, he lives like a mannequin.
He was the one who was crying to death.
The shopkeeper's such an unlucky toy to keep him singing, aren't you afraid to close the door?
old man
You're really too much.